eh,faith,girl,
You are the usual second-in-command,
As soon as you leave.
Say, why do you care about me?
Do you really listen to me, kid?
At that time, I looked at the child here,
There is something wrong with their family and me.
What did I say, I said children,
I definitely don't dare to use raw rubber, but for me,
Really don't know.
Her child?
So it was you who killed my child.
How much company does he have today?
There are no rumors that he is doing a job.
Know something
You won't save me, you save me, you save me, you, you save me
Shouldn't I save you or beat you?
Get along with the person I'm married to
Fortunately I can't bear the pain anymore
Those who have a family?
Your husband is not someone who wants to die.
Isn't he a you you?